docs: add http-timeouts docs (#2741)
envoyproxy/gateway: site/content/en/latest/user/http-timeouts.md

---
title: "HTTP Timeouts"
---

The [HTTPRouteTimeouts][] resource allows users to configure request timeouts and response timeouts for an [HTTPRouteRule][]. This guide shows how to configure timeouts.

The [HTTPRouteTimeouts][] supports two kinds of timeouts:
- **request**: Request specifies the maximum duration for a gateway to respond to an HTTP request. 
- **backendRequest**: BackendRequest specifies a timeout for an individual request from the gateway to a backend.

__Note:__  The Request duration must be >= BackendRequest duration

## Installation

Follow the steps from the [Quickstart Guide](quickstart.md) to install Envoy Gateway and the example manifest.
Before proceeding, you should be able to query the example backend using HTTP.

## Verification

> Httpbin has the ability to delay responses; we use it as the backend to control response time.

Reviewer: We recently updated the echo-server in use in EG to a version that supports delayed execution, e.g. see here: https://github.com/envoyproxy/gateway/blob/main/site/content/en/latest/user/circuit-breaker.md 

So, you can probably avoid the `httpbin` installation prerequisite and base this demo on the quickstart example, making this a bit simpler for users.

Author: 👌

> Httpbin has the ability to delay responses; we use it as the backend to control response time.

Reviewer 2: using the `/delay/` endpoint

> Httpbin has the ability to delay responses; we use it as the backend to control response time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `httpbin` backend app has the ability to delay responses using the `/delay/` endpoint.
```

access-control-allow-origin: *
content-type: application/json; charset=utf-8
date: Fri, 01 Mar 2024 08:36:27 GMT
transfer-encoding: chunked
```

Then we set the request timeout to 2 seconds. In this case, Envoy Gateway will respond with a timeout.

```shell
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: HTTPRoute
metadata:
  name: httpbin
spec:
  hostnames:
  - timeout.example.com
  parentRefs:
  - group: gateway.networking.k8s.io
    kind: Gateway
    name: eg
  rules:
  - backendRefs:
    - group: ""
      kind: Service
      name: httpbin
      port: 80
      weight: 1
    matches:
    - path:
        type: PathPrefix
        value: /
    timeouts:
      request: "2s"
EOF
```

```shell
curl --header "Host: timeout.example.com" http://${GATEWAY_HOST}/delay/3s  -v
```

```console
*   Trying 127.0.0.1:80...
* Connected to 127.0.0.1 (127.0.0.1) port 80
> GET /delay/3s HTTP/1.1
> Host: timeout.example.com
> User-Agent: curl/8.6.0
> Accept: */*
>
< HTTP/1.1 504 Gateway Timeout
< content-length: 24
< content-type: text/plain
< date: Fri, 01 Mar 2024 08:43:35 GMT
<
* Connection #0 to host 127.0.0.1 left intact
upstream request timeout
```

> ### backendRequest timeout

Reviewer 2: lets rm `backendRequest`, its not any extra value imo
